News Broadcast - 20XX-01-04
Cloning technology has been finally unveiled to the public at large. Scientists debate about ethical concerns, but militaries around the world are being quick to ensure that they get exclusive access.
News Broadcast - 20XX-02-12
First all-clone army deployed to suppress uprisings in Greece and Turkey. Nuclear launch facilities seized. EU denounces use of clone tactics, questioning US motives.
News Broadcast - 20XX-02-30
Clone intelligence reaching record levels. Dr. Kamino expecting clones to be fully-functioning members of society within three years.
News Broadcast - 20XX-03-01
Dr. Kamino sued by own clone.
News Broadcast - 20XX-03-15
US Supreme Court rules that clones cannot be considered legal entities without being released by their creators.
News Broadcast - 20XX-04-10
Riots break out as clone rights activist groups gain momentum. EU economy collapses as flood of cloned workers overloads job market.
News Broadcast - 20XX-05-17
Studies show those cloned are prone to spontaneous outbursts of irrational anger, often leading to acts of interpersonal violence. Citizens are warned to be alert and to phone the police if necessary.
News Broadcast - 20XX-06-07
China announces blanket ban on cloning technology. US continues encroachment onto European soil, taking control of nuclear facilities along the way.
News Broadcast - 20XX-07-15
China announces success of teleportation tests and begins making military threats towards US. Both countries begin re-arming of nuclear warheads. Korea, India, Japan, Vietnam, Russia join China as New China (XZG).
News Broadcast - 20XX-07-23
US military clone production takes massive hit as XZG reports success of a warp-bombing strike against cloning facility. Tensions rise as experts debate the role of once-obsolete nuclear warhead technology in a new age of warfare.
News Broadcast - 20XX-08-11
BREAKING NEWS: Italy wiped off the face of the planet in unprecedented post-nuclear disaster as teleportation tests go haywire. International efforts made to contain fallout and minimize overall planetary impact.
News Broadcast - 20XX-08-13
United States annexes Canada and Mexico, immediately declares war on XZG. Other NATO nations quickly follow suit.
News Broadcast - 20XX-08-14
Taiwanese revolutionary leader Tiffany Tien leaks XZG intelligence report, reveals that Italy disaster was caused by a nuclear warp-bomb to prevent NATO from gaining access to teleportation technology.
News Broadcast - 20XX-09-01
Confusion mounts as Beijing stormed by NATO clone troopers, to find corpse of Chinese president. Coroners estimate he was killed months ago, despite the president apparently appearing for speeches and negotiations in person several times since.
News Broadcast - 20XX-09-04
Current XZG president revealed as a clone. Global leadership in disarray as several UN members also revealed to be clones planted by a yet-unknown organization.
News Broadcast - 20XX-09-15
NATO-XZG war called off as clones begin to rebel worldwide. Warp-bombing strikes against supposedly guilty facilities ineffective.
News Broadcast - 20XX-10-03
Mysterious terrorist clone organization seizes control of African nuclear launching facilities. World in panic as no demands have yet been made.
News Broadcast - 20XX-10-19
Joint NATO-XZG response team unable to retake facilities, nuclear strikes launched from Africa towards NATO and XZG repelled by anti-fission jammer tech
News Broadcast - 20XX-11-15
Anti-fission jammer facilities throughout NATO and XZG destroyed by warp-bombing attacks from unknown origin point. Fears arise about repeat of Italy disaster.
News Broadcast - 20XX-11-30
Nuclear strikes launched at NATO and XZG cause massive civilian casualties for both sides.
News Broadcast - 20XX-12-03
XZG warp-bombing technology finally given over to NATO in desperate attempt to stop nuclear strikes. Most of Africa wiped out in resulting warp-nuclear response.
News Broadcast - 20XX-12-23
African nuclear facilities retaken by UN forces. Clones within found to be mostly already dead, with only automated computer programs responsible for launching nukes.
News Broadcast - 20XY-01-15
Computer viruses infecting African nuclear facilities revealed to be rogue AI experiments from ex-US operatives, responsible for controlling mysterious clone forces as well. XZG re-declares war on NATO.
News Broadcast - 20XY-02-08
Both NATO and XZG nuclear arsenals depleted in simultaneous warp-bombing strikes. Unknown targets and casualties on either side. World in disarray as[screech]
Document - Fission Dampeners
Geneva scientists unveiled this year (203X) a new device that could interrupt a nuclear fission reaction by reflecting the released energy back into some inert form. How exactly this is done is up for debate, as the scientists were adamant about staying silent on the subject - “If we release the mechanism involved, it is only a matter of time before some nation comes up with a way to subvert it”. This device has revolutionary consequences for the future of nuclear war.
Document - Warp-bombing
The principle behind warp-bombing is simple - you teleport a bomb to the target location and detonate it. However, most people don’t seem to realize that this is done in the opposite order - you detonate the bomb FIRST, then teleport the resulting explosion immediately. If done correctly, the explosion will be warped away before any damage can be done to your facilities. This is a particularly sinister approach that can be used to bypass fission dampeners, as, if timed right, the chain reaction will be completely out of control by the time it reaches the target. Additionally, it seems that the act of teleportation adds more energy into the explosion, making it even more devastating as a result. \n It seems, however, that teleportation technology is the largest barrier preventing the XZG from simply employing this technique everywhere and winning this war immediately. As of current (Sept 20XX) NATO tech, there must be a target platform at the given coordinates, else the warp will fail completely. XZG engineers must have come up with a way to bypass this limitation in order to bomb our most vulnerable targets, but not completely. It is entirely possible that the XZG relies on spies to plant miniature target platforms which are then destroyed by the bomb.
Document - My Journal
There was a cryogenic freezing experiment performed in the early 20X0s. Each of us would be put under for a year, then five, then 20 if we were willing. We were in the second stage of testing (the five year plan) when the facility was shut down. However, with a looming war between the US and China, the cryogenic pods themselves were seen as valuable for preserving us in the case of nuclear winter. We were asked to go under once more, indefinitely. \n When we awoke, everything was gone.
Kamino's Log - 1
It’s alive! The clones are alive! I can’t believe it! This is a complete breakthrough in science that hasn’t been seen for years!
Kamino's Log - 2
The first clone is impossibly intelligent… I wonder if he’s sentient? The military is pressuring me into developing a control serum, but that seems inhumane. There is talk of military spies within my lab set to forward their aims over mine, but I won’t let them! This is for the betterment of humanity!
Kamino's Log - 3
oh god
Kamino's Log - 4
The clones are rebelling? Impossible! The control serum embeds a computer program into their brain, but nobody’s written any programming for it yet!
Kamino's Log - 5
Anybody accusing me of programming the clones as terrorists are insane, I would never do such a thing! They must be- wait, what are you doing in here? You can’t-
Kamino's Log - 6
what are you doing-
Kamino's Log - 7
fuck-
Kamino's Log - 8
...
Unknown Log - 1
Mommy, I’m hungry. Wheres’s Daddy?
Unknown Log - 2
[sobbing uncontrollably]
Unknown Log - 3
D-daddy’s… daddy’s gone, honey…
Unknown Log - 4
But Mommy, look! Daddy’s come back!
Unknown Log - 5
[gasp] \n Run! Run away! Hur-
Unknown Log - 6
[gunshot]
Tiffany's Log - 1
My boyfriend is getting really worried about me; he keeps telling me that there’s something going seriously wrong and we should look into one of those offplanet colonies in case everything goes to shit. He’s just crazy, though - President Ma isn’t so insane as to declare war on the US yet. Besides, we still have the edge with the top-secret military tech that I’m not supposed to talk about, oops!
Tiffany's Log - 2
The XZG annexed Taiwan yesterday. Everybody expected it, but it still hurts. We’d all thought that China and Taiwan had finally made up, but then they come back and warp-bomb our capital? This won’t stand!
Tiffany's Log - 3
Omigod… this is big. The XZG has a way to bypass the fission dampeners! We’re trying to spread the word to the world, but we’re under a communications lock and it’s hard to get in or out of the country right now. I think they’re suspicious of me - they suspended me from intelligence and put me back on reserve.
Tiffany's Log - 4
I don’t have time to talk, check the news! This is insane!
Tiffany's Log - 5
They messed up! In the attempt to “fix” the Italy crisis, they left some things unlocked and opened the communications wall! I’m going to grab as many secrets as I can carry and reveal them to the world! If I don’t make it back, know that I stood for my beliefs!
Tiffany's Log - 6
Subject terminated. Commencing disposal of audio log
